Support for Windows.System.Launcher on macOS (#2500)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/windows-system.md

| `ms-settings:developers` | `Settings.ActionApplicationDevelopmentSettings` |

> In case of macOS, we support the following nested URIs, mapped to Preference Panes (/System/Library/PreferencePanes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of macOS, Uno supports the following nested URIs, mapped to Preference Panes (/System/Library/PreferencePanes)
```
